Abacus: frame with wires along which beads are slid for calculating.
Abbey: building(s) occupied by a community of monks or nuns.
Abbot: Head of a community of monks.
Achieve: reach or attain, esp. By effort.
Blink: shut and open the eyes quickly.
Blinking:  Slang expressing annoyance etc.
Capricious: Subject to whims; unpredictable.
Cast: throw, esp. Deliberately or forcefully.
Castaway: Shipwrecked person.
Caste: any of the hindu hereditary classes whose members have no social contact with other classes. 
Defrost: remove frost or ice from (a refrigerator, windscreen, etc.).
Deft: Neat; dexterous; adroit.
Dream: series of scenes or feelings in the mind of a sleeping person.
Eternity: infinite (esp. Future) time.
Exactly: precisely.
Exalt: raise in rank or power etc.
Gourmet: Connoisseur of good food.
Gut: the intestine.
Gutless: Lacking courage or energy.
Gutter: shallow trough below the eaves of a house, or a channel at the side of a street, to carry off rainwater.
Incline: a dispose or influence.
Kayak: eskimo one-man canoe of wood and sealskins.
Laboratory: room, building, or establishment for scientific experiments, research, chemical manufacture, etc.
Laborer: person doing unskilled, usu. Manual, work for wages.
Malignant: a (of a disease) very virulent or infectious.
Mallard: a kind of wild duck.
Metaphor: application of a name or description to something to which it is not literally applicable (e.g. A glaring error).
Notable: Worthy of note; remarkable, eminent.
Notation: representation of numbers, quantities, the pitch and duration of musical notes, etc., by symbols.
Notch: V-shaped indentation on an edge or surface.
Note: brief written record as an aid to memory (often in pl.: make notes).
Noteworthy: Worthy of attention; remarkable.
Pennant: tapering flag, esp. That flown at the masthead of a vessel in commission.
Pig: omnivorous hoofed bristly broad-snouted mammal, esp. A domesticated kind.
Pigeon: Bird of the dove family.
Revive: come or bring back to consciousness, life, or strength.
Scene: place in which events, real or fictional, occur.
Scepter: staff as a symbol of sovereignty.
Soprano: a highest singing-voice.
Supreme: highest in authority or rank.
Triumphant: victorious, successful.
Trivia: Trifles or trivialities.
Trivial: of small value or importance; trifling.
Undergo: be subjected to; suffer; endure.
Underline: draw a line under (a word etc.) To give emphasis, indicate italic type, etc.
Undermine: injure (a person, reputation, health, etc.) Secretly or insidiously.
Unit: individual thing, person, or group, esp. For calculation. B smallest component of a complex whole.
Utmost: Furthest, extreme, greatest.
Vertigo: Dizziness caused esp. By heights.
Xylophone: Musical instrument of graduated wooden or metal bars struck with small wooden hammers.
Zygote: Biol. Cell formed by the union of two gametes.